feat(interview-prep): Converting and Transferring Rosetta problems (#38371)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/08-coding-interview-prep/rosetta-code/longest-common-subsequence.md

---
id: 5e6dd1278e6ca105cde40ea9
title: Longest common subsequence
challengeType: 5
---

## Description
<section id='description'>
The <b>longest common subsequence</b> (or <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longest_common_subsequence_problem"><b>LCS</b></a>) of groups A and B is the longest group of elements from A and B that are common between the two groups and in the same order in each group. For example, the sequences "1234" and "1224533324" have an LCS of "1234":
<b><u>1234</u></b>
<b><u>12</u></b>245<b><u>3</u></b>332<b><u>4</u></b>
For a string example, consider the sequences "thisisatest" and "testing123testing". An LCS would be "tsitest":
<b><u>t</u></b>hi<b><u>si</u></b>sa<b><u>test</u></b>

> <b><u>t</u></b>e<b><u>s</u></b>t<b><u>i</u></b>ng123<b><u>test</u></b>ing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<b><u>t</u></b>e<b><u>s</u></b>t<b><u>i</u></b>ng123<b><u>test</u></b>ing. 
```

> In this puzzle, your code only needs to deal with strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your code only needs to deal with strings.
```

> For more information on this problem please see <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longest_common_subsequence_problem">Wikipedia</a>.

Reviewer: Not really sure if we want to link to this.

</section>

## Instructions
<section id='instructions'>

> Write a function which returns an LCS of two strings (case-sensitive). You don't need to show multiple LCS's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write a case-sensitive function that returns the LCS of two strings. You don't need to show multiple LCS's.
```
